{"city": "noida", "code": "1013520", "title": "Noida killings: Residents attack police", "text": "NOIDA: Angry Nithari villagers on Monday fought pitched battles with police, both pelting stones at each other, outside the residence of a businessman who along with his servant allegedly sexually abused children and murdered them.The police also detained a woman Maya, who used to work in businessman's Moninder Singh Pandher's house as a maid and who was allegedly instrumental in bringing women there.As more body parts were dug out from around Pandher's house, hundreds of villagers, including the parents of victims, descended on the spot, alleging there was an organ trade angle to the grisly killings. A doctor neighbour of Pandher, Navin Chaudhury, was under the police scanner a few years ago in connection with an alleged kidney racket in his hospital.SSP, Noida, R K S Rathore told reporters that they were investigating from all angles, including the possibility of an organ trade, but maintained that so far they had not got any information to support to this.Following suspicion from kin of the victims about organ trading, police searched Noida Medicare Centre, owned by Chaudhury, and also his residence.\"There was public suspicion. We also took some members of the public with us during the search of the hospital and the residence. Nothing doubtful has emerged. But, we will verify from all angles,\" he said.He said the situation in Nithari was under control but felt some \"outsiders\" were trying to exploit it by fuelling trouble. \"We will take strict action against them.\"Police questioned the maid Maya. \"We are questioning Maya on various issues, including the allegation of supply of call girls to Moninder Singh,\" Superintendent of Police Soumitra Yadav said. Rathore said nothing concrete had emerged from questioning Maya.The anger of locals, who had gone on a rampage on Sunday also, breaking open the gate of the sealed house, erupted suddenly again on Monday as the people descended in large numbers at the house in Sector 31. Locals fought pitched battles with police, broke the cordon around the area and moved towards the house. Rathore and other senior officials rushed to the spot to bring the situation under control as a large number of policemen in riot gear tried to keep the angry mob from entering the house. Three of the protesters were detained.Earlier in the day, there were sporadic protests led by local politicians. A group of Congress activists shouted slogans against the Mulayam Singh Yadav government in the state and demanded that the prime accused Moninder and his servant Surendra Koli who allegedly killed several children after sexually abusing be handed over to the people. \"They have committed the most heinous crime. They should be lynched,\" a local Congress leader said.Police, meanwhile, said the three protestors detained were outsiders, adding anti-social elements were trying to take advantage of the situation. \"Outsiders are trying to create trouble here,\" Rathore said.The accused Moninder and Surendra, who have allegedly admitted to having raped and murdered at least ten children, are expected to be produced in a local court on Tuesday. The duo has been lodged in Dasna jail nearby.", "source": "toi", "date": "2007-01-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "1003173", "title": "Pandher frequented call-girls", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Even as Noida police was here to gather evidences against Moninder Singh Pandher, Bajrang Dal activists staged protests and demanded death sentence for Pandher outside his house in Sector 27.The Bajrang Dal activist were led by Rajiv Pathoria. The Noida Police is trying to firm up their case by gathering details pertaining to Pandher and his acquaintance with a local call girl and another businessman.For Pandher's family this in indeed a testing time.\"It's sad that the family is paying the price for a crime committed by Pandher. Police should ensure that the family is not harassed,\"said a neighbour.A police official, however, said that the family has left the city to escape harassment and humiliation.It is alleged that Pandher was in touch with several call girls and pimp, including one Neelam who was a native of Mumbai and was presently based here.The Noida police is procuring more details about her and has recorded statements of people who personally know Pandher.", "source": "toi", "date": "2007-01-01"}
